# Meeting 1

- Purpose: expedition planning and housekeeping
- Sunday, August 22nd, 2021 at 1PM CST (UTC -5)
- Location: The Icarus Initiative Discord at Pilots voice channel.
- Duration: 30-45 minutes.
- Not recorded

---

## Agenda

- Intros
- New discord walk-through
- Picking logo
- Region, squads, pilots concept
- Each squad has own repo to commit meeting notes, projects, and collaboration files
- 1st Squadron will be joint EMEA-NA to keep it simple, next squads can do own regions
- Any ideas to change before presenting to Chase
- Set up a date to meet with Chase
- Picking start, end, resources for expedition
- Looking to expedition 2
- Consensus method on how to evaluate resources
- Website and Discourse to be setup by end of expedition

---

## Notes

- Group picked organic logo for representation.
- Pilots to look over proposed resources and select by Tuesday 2021-08-24 at 1PM CST.
- Setup meeting with Chase for Thursday 2021-08-26 at 1PM CST.
- Evaluate Resources initially starting with pros and cons. Pilots will collect notes as moving through.

- Questions to ask Chase:
- How is Rust is connected to Solana development? Ideas like Concurrency.
- How to implement practical skills from Solana development into Icarus?

- [ ] Post Proposed Resources so far in Pilots chat channel (Tim)
- [ ] Create event for Tuesday Expedition Course Plotting (Tim)
- [ ] Create repository for 1st squadron (Tim)
- [ ] Add meeting notes to 1st squadron repository (Tim)
- [ ] Set up meeting with Chase for Thursday (Tim)
- [ ] Set new logo for discord (Tim)
- [ ] Start working on website and Discourse Forum (Tim)
